Hey, everyone.
My name is Brian Hansen, and welcome to my course,
Spring Data JPA using Hibernate.
I am the CEO of Complete Programmer and a director at Software Technology Group.
Hibernate and JPA are one of the most advanced time‑saving
frameworks to be introduced into Java development.
In this updated course, we're going to cover configuring Hibernate,
utilizing Spring Data JPA, using Docker to run our database,
various JPA tips and tricks,
and all of our configuration has been migrated from XML to
use Java configuration with annotations.
By the end of this course, you'll know all of the fundamentals of
Spring Data JPA using Hibernate as its provider.
Before beginning the course, you should be familiar
with Spring and Spring MVC some.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn Spring Data
JPA and Hibernate using the Spring Data with JPA Hibernate course, here at Pluralsight.